## CHANGELOG:

### 2.3
* Added high order function `multiSchain` for multiprocessing scripts.
* Added two new Processing Units `PublishData` and `ReceiverData` for receiving and sending dataOut through multiple ways (tcp, ipc, inproc).
* Added a new graphics Processing Unit `PlotterReceiver`. It is decoupled from normal processing sequence with support for data generated by multiprocessing scripts.
* Added support for sending realtime graphic to web server.
* GUI command `schain`  is now `schainGUI`. 
* Added a CLI tool named `schain`. 
	* Scripts templates can be now generated with `schain generate`. 
	* Now it is possible to search Processing Units and Operations with `schain search [module]` to get the right name and its allowed parameters.
	* `schain xml` to run xml scripts.
* Added suggestions when parameters are poorly written.
* `Controller.start()` now runs in a different process than the process calling it.
* Added `schainpy.utils.log` for log standarization.
* Running script on online mode no longer ignores date and hour. Issue #1109.
* Added support for receving voltage data directly from JARS (tcp, ipc).
* Updated README for MAC OS GUI installation.
* Setup now installs numpy.

### 2.2.6
* Graphics generated by the GUI are now the same as generated by scripts. Issue #1074.
* Added support for C extensions.
* Function `hildebrand_sehkon` optimized with a C wrapper.
* Numpy version updated.
* Migration to GIT.

### 2.2.5:
* splitProfiles and combineProfiles modules were added to VoltageProc and Signal Chain GUI.
* nProfiles of USRP data (hdf5) is the number of profiles thera are in one second.
* jroPlotter works directly with data objects instead of dictionaries
* script "schain" was added to Signal Chain installer

### 2.2.4.1:
* jroIO_usrp.py is update to read Sandra's data 
* decimation in Spectra and RTI plots is always enabled.
* time* window option added to GUI

### 2.2.4:
* jroproc_spectra_lags.py added to schainpy
* Bug fixed in schainGUI: ProcUnit was created with the same id in some cases.
* Bug fixed in jroHeaderIO: Header size validation.

### 2.2.3.1:
* Filtering block by time has been added.
* Bug fixed plotting RTI, CoherenceMap and others using xmin and xmax parameters. The first day worked
properly but the next days did not.

### 2.2.3:
* Bug fixed in GUI: Error getting(reading) Code value
* Bug fixed in GUI: Flip option always needs channelList field
* Bug fixed in jrodata: when one branch modified a value in "dataOut" (example: dataOut.code) this value
was modified for every branch (because this was a reference). It was modified in data.copy()
* Bug fixed in jroproc_voltage.profileSelector(): rangeList replaces to profileRangeList.

### 2.2.2:
* VoltageProc: ProfileSelector, Reshape, Decoder with nTxs!=1 and getblock=True was tested
* Rawdata and testRawdata.py added to Signal Chain project

### 2.2.1:
* Bugs fixed in GUI
* Views were improved in GUI
* Support to MST* ISR experiments
* Bug fixed getting noise using hyldebrant. (minimum number of points > 20%)
* handleError added to jroplotter.py

### 2.2.0:
* GUI: use of external plotter
* Compatible with matplotlib 1.5.0

### 2.1.5:
* serializer module added to Signal Chain
* jroplotter.py added to Signal Chain

### 2.1.4.2:
* A new Plotter Class was added
* Project.start() does not accept filename as a parameter anymore

### 2.1.4.1:
* Send notifications when an error different to ValueError is detected

### 2.1.4:
* Sending error notifications to signal chain administrator
* Login to email server added

### 2.1.3.3:
* Colored Button Icons were added to GUI

### 2.1.3.2:
* GUI: user interaction enhanced
* controller_api.py: Safe access to ControllerThead

### 2.1.3.1:
* GUI: every icon were resized
* jroproc_voltage.py: Print a message when "Read from code" option is selected and the code is not defined inside data file

### 2.1.3:
* jroplot_heispectra.py: SpectraHeisScope was not showing the right channels
* jroproc_voltage.py: Bug fixed selecting profiles (self.nProfiles took a wrong value),
					 Bug fixed selecting heights by block (selecting profiles instead heights)
* jroproc_voltage.py: New feature added: decoding data by block using FFT.
* jroIO_heispectra.py: Bug fixed in FitsReader. Using local Fits instance instead schainpy.mode.data.jrodata.Fits.
* jroIO_heispectra.py: Channel index list does not exist.

### 2.1.2:
* jroutils_ftp.py: Bug fixed, Any error sending file stopped the Server Thread
				  Server thread opens and closes remote server each time file list is sent
* jroplot_spectra.py: Noise path was not being created when noise data is saved.
* jroIO_base.py: startTime can be greater than endTime. Example: SpreadF [18:00 *  07:00]